# SIXTH DAY (14-Sept-2025):

```

```

Today I will making an AIMING GAME, where the user needs to click in a black screen
if clicked correctly, there is a point score if he fails, the score is -1 if the times limit arrives before he clicks, then the score is substracted a point again.

First I will create a Game screen with pygame.
After I made the sreen game I will generate a point randomly with random
I created a function where generate circles
I invoked the global function for modify the value of the variables outside of the function
I get the time with the tick game.clock = now
I substract from now the last time it was generated if is greather than 2 seconds generate another random circle

After this I revised several times the bug I generated like an example was:
WHen i draw the circle I don't see the circle.
Resolve: When I draw the circle before the display FILL, so my circle is painted in white, I need to draw the circle after screen fill.

Second: When you clicked the circle, score needs add 1 point
I used event.type of pygame, where mousebuttondown executes my function click circle(event)

I created two variables, cx and cy and assigned the valor of circle_pos where the circle is generated,
I consulted the position of mouse with event.pos, so I created mouse_x and mouse_y
I dont know so much about math so I consulted to AI After 30 minutes of searching in google
The ai gives me this:
math.sqrt((mouse_x - cx) ** 2 + (mouse_y - cy) ** 2)

After I used this I Know how to continue.
I invoked my outside variables with global

If distance is less or the same that circle size I score one point,
I used this function en MOUSEBUTTONDOWN and executes when i clicked the circle.

Third: If not clicked, you need to substract 2 points.
When I checked the circle, for if delay < last time - now...
If not clicked:
score -=2
So with this I made the problem solve, but I have another problem
I forgot to reset clicked, so I was like 20 minutes seeing the problem in bad position
After i fixed this in distance <= circle_size where i clicked if i clicked i change the clicked to true
Wit this, the game is done.

Game over was Easy, so i dont cmment on this is the same when I show score in the screen, with font.render is done, but i filled the screen in black and checked if the score is less than 0 then "GAME OVER"

Thank you for reading this.
Jonathan Manzano Diaz
